=Setting values in "pyg2g_cui.conf"=

===For Gerber data===
  * GERBER_DIR : Gerbar date dirctory
  * FRONT_FILE : Front pattarn data file
  * BACK_FILE : Back pattarn data file
  * DRILL_FILE : Drill pattarn data file
  * EDGE_FILE : Edge pattarn data file
  * CAD_UNIT : Unit of the pattern data on the PCB CAD. Default MIL/10
  * DRILL_UNIT : Unit of the drill data on the PCB CAD. Default inch
  * EDGE_UNIT :  Unit of the edge data on the PCB CAD. Default MIL/10
  * IN_INCH_FLAG : If the unit of output files are INCH, set 1. Set 0 for MM

===For Cutting machine===
  * INI_X, INI_Y, INI_Z : Start (Initial) position of the cutting tool. For example, home position (0,0,0).
  * MOVE_HEIGHT : Moving height (without cutting).
  * XY_SPEED : In-plane cutting speed 
  * Z_SPEED : Z axis cutting speed 
  * LEFT_X : Left side of the converted G code will be shifted to LEFT_X.
  * LOWER_Y : Bottom of the converted G code will be shifted to LOWER_Y 
  * DRILL_SPEED : Drill down speed 
  * DRILL_DEPTH : Drill depth 
  * CUT_DEPTH : Pattern cutting depth 
  * TOOL_D : Diameter of the cutting tool 
  * DRILL_D : Drill diameter 
  * EDGE_TOOL_D : Edge cutting tool diameter 
  * EDGE_DEPTH : Edge cutting depth 
  * EDGE_SPEED : Edge cutting speed 
  * EDGE_Z_SPEED : Edge down speed 
  * MERGE_DRILL_DATA : If you want to merge drill data and pattern data, set 1. 
  * Z_STEP : cuting step in z axis. 

===For data convert===
  * MIRROR_FRONT :  if you want MIRROR the frong pattarn, set 1
  * MIRROR_BACK :  if you want MIRROR the back pattarn, set 1
  * MIRROR_DRILL :  if you want MIRROR the drill pattarn, set 1
  * MIRROR_EDGE : if you want MIRROR the edge pattarn, set 1
  * ROT_ANG : Rotation angle (degree) of the converted data. 

  * CUT_ALL_FRONT : if you want cut all space, set 1
  * CUT_ALL_BACK :  N/A (for future version)
  * CUT_STEP_R : cutting step ratio. = (TOOL_D - overwrap)/TOOL_D
  * CUT_MAX : Max number of the cutting loop.

===For G-code output===
  * MCODE_FLAG : If you want insert M code (ex. spindle on "M03"), set 1 
  * OUT_INCH_FLAG : If the unit of input files are INCH, set 1. Set 0 for MM
  * OUT_DIR : G-code data directory
  * OUT_FRONT_FILE : Front pattarn g-code file
  * OUT_BACK_FILE : Back pattarn g-code file
  * OUT_DRILL_FILE : Drill pattarn g-code file
  * OUT_EDGE_FILE : Edge pattarn g-code file

===For future (GUI version)===
  * GERBER_COLO: N/A for CUI version
  * DRILL_COLOR: N/A for CUI version
  * EDGE_COLOR: N/A for CUI version
  * CONTOUR_COLOR: N/A for CUI version
  * GERBER_EXT: N/A for CUI version
  * DRILL_EXT: N/A for CUI version
  * EDGE_EXT: N/A for CUI version
  * GCODE_EXT: N/A for CUI version
  * GDRILL_EXT: N/A for CUI version
  * GEDGE_EXT: N/A for CUI version